In the lineage teaching, the foundational practice is with perfect motivation.
That is the foundation with motivation, as I said, your appreciation, the body, all that, is
perfect motivation.
And then, the philosophy of those others.
And the second novel one is often in the teaching said non-consumption meditation.
Second is non-consumption or no grasping, no clinging meditation.
That is the middle novel, second novel.
The third novel is simply to dedicate a merit with aspirations.
So first, we finish it. First, we complete it, which is the first novel of the motivation of the
aspirations.
We complete it. Now, with that aspiration, we begin to do the middle novel practices.
Middle novel practices are the principle of our practices.
This is generally what in meditation teaching is known as creative stage practices,
or creative stage meditations, complete stage meditations.
On the other hand, also in this, it is commonly known as visualization meditations and dissolving
meditations.
So these two are the principle of our practices.
This is, also there is nothing is excluded by these two practices.
It is entirely this, everything, this is within that, according to very young.
Generally, you know, the Buddha teaching, everything, what do you see?
Everything is summarized or concluded within the two categories of true truth.
Relative truth and absolute truth.
And beside these two truths, there is nothing, according to the teaching, there is nothing.
And now, this visualization or the creative stage is related to the practices.
The complete stage practices are absolute truth practices.
So that is, in a way, a simple way to understand.
These two are, even though Buddha highlighted that relative truth, absolute truth,
there is no difference. There are no different places.
They are not in east or west or right or left.
All are, both are in both sentences.
Similar, the creative stage and the completion stage is not two different things.
It's same things.
Then why Buddha said these two, two truths or two stages practices?
Because our duality conception or duality mind cannot digest this teaching immediately.
Therefore, skillfully Buddha is ushering in it all in the core, the all in the nature.
And that's why Buddha taught also, for example, heart-setter.
Home is emptiness. Home is emptiness.
And emptiness is home.
Buddha said one after another, gradually Buddha said everything is equanimated state.
He did not see.
Because our mind cannot, duality mind cannot digest it or cannot understand immediately.
It's graduation rates.
Graduating, pointing out to the nature, natural states.
So therefore, in the, you know, generally the Buddha teaching work, when we meditate, when we
practice it,
we are imposed on higher circles. What do we meditate?
We meditate on absolute truth.
And to go to the absolute truth meditation, what we do, what we call in a story.
Shammata meditation, Vibhachana. Vibhachana. It's not something that requires the necessity that
because our duality conception, we need that.
Otherwise, we cannot digest immediately to the Vibhachanas.
We cannot go to Vibhachana immediately.
Therefore, Buddha gave me exactly the beginning, how to stabilize, to make stable mind.
And what a great teacher said in the teaching,
Buddha gave us like a cold food, food, a cold, or like parent gave the food, a cold, and the baby
said capabilities.
At the beginning time, the baby peed by the breeze, breeze, like breeze, breeze.
Then those bottles, then maybe oatmeal, or apple pudding, apple pudding.
Then gradually, not immediately to give the big yummy sticks and all those foods.
Give me a cold and a readiness of the day. And that's what Buddha said.
Vibhachana. Because we cannot immediately understand that, even the perfect nature to you.
So Buddha gave for example, even to realize that to bring quite a good understanding of the
absolute truth,
Buddha gave such a teaching on this.
Shammatas. Shammat immediately.
Or mind from the teachings. Giving mind from the teachings.
And then moving to the Vibhachanas.
So in Mahayana, Sotr Mahayana, as well as also Shabakayana and Parthi Vadayana,
what a very great teacher it is.
It is focused on absolute truths.
A reality level, in a Jhukchin or in another level, absolute truth is enlightened.
Reality truth is enlightened.
But whether they didn't say at the beginning time,
or the Mahayana teaching, or the basic Buddhist school teaching,
or the terrible teaching,
they did not say everything is enlightened.
The right you leave, gave the teachings, to usher that teaching.
And then absolute truth, meditate on purpose, on absolute truth.
And to do those, all those Buddha skillful layout,
there are six part of the practices.
One after another, everything is leading toward the nature,
and it's repeating, and it removes the duality, and grasping, and clinging,
and brings the openness, openness, openness.
And building up the energy, realization, one after another,
and removing the obscurations of the duality, the conceptions,
that what we deluded ourselves, that is we put a fire in it.
And the guidance is enlightened.
According to that, according to Sutra Rana teaching,
you get the Dharmakaya realization,
then Sambukaya, and then the Dharmakayas.
They are all that kid.
So that's what Buddha gave all the teaching.
But then vediyana is so powerful,
that's what we call the vediyana is so powerful,
so direct, so uproarious.
It's not going outskirt of the Buddha who outskirt or coming outskirt,
right to the ball's eye of the enlightenment.
Vediyana is good.
And that's what vediyana teaches.
Our relative truth is enlightenment.
Absolute truth is enlightenment.
There's no difference.
Both are enlightened.
A truly relative truth is the display of the absolute truth.
And the absolute truth appears as the point of the relative truth,
as it can depend upon your existence.
There's no difference.
For that reason, what I said in the teaching was,
poem is emptiness.
Emptiness is the form.
Poem is no other than emptiness.
Emptiness is no other than the form.
That enhance the real challenge.
Pointing out the absolute truth,
exactly its nature as it's both relative truth and absolute truth.
Poem is relative truth.
Emptiness is the absolute truth.
They say, they both are enlightened status.
And so do ourself.
Everything is enlightened.
It's not something that we, ourself,
our physics is excluded and not enlightened.
Ourself is enlightened.
The subject is enlightened.
The object is enlightened.
We're all enlightened.
The reality level.
The ultimate level was the true level.
But then, we don't have that realization.
We didn't rely on that.
That is what gracious teacher Buddha Shaktaman said.
We dilute it.
Dilute it.
Or dilute it.
Then, from the big list of times,
we narrowed our openness, realization, awareness,
with grasping, clinging, and self-imported or ego-clinging.
We then honored ourselves in the darkness to the light.
Then everything become regimented and become darker and darker.
Then we failed long on the ignorance.
Or, you know, of the ignorance.
We don't know anything in the past.
We don't know anything in the future.
Everything is a presumption,
or everything is just a kind of hopeful state.
That's how this ego-clinging,
block everything, or grasp everything.
You already block everything.
That's the reality level.
This nature is totally enlightened state.
It's all this phenomenon.
So we invariate on the teaching,
what we do in it, immediately you're activating that qualities,
that nature.
For example, the relative truth and the nature,
as the Buddha said, is enlightened.
Relative truth is enlightened.
And that's why to bring up that quickly,
or speed up that realization,
will vocalize.
Buddha gives skill for me in the teaching,
vocalize yourself with Buddha.
Yoga's are yourself with Buddha.
And not just you, Buddha,
and not everything is not Buddha.
All is Buddha, or enlightened states.
And that's what Mahayoga teacher said,
three various states,
regular form, regular song, regular mind.
Regular means enlightened,
indestructible by the dualities.
No matter how much trouble we go through,
how much darkness we went through,
all this dilemma, confusion, anxiety, whatever we go through,
nature is never changed.
Cannot change.
For that reason, it's used metaphor as regiment.
It cannot be changed.
Cannot change, nobody can change.
Even Buddha said himself in the Pandya Parama,
that which is always operated by our teacher,
great kettipati Sri Ramoj.
Buddha came to this world that never improved
of nature, anything.
And gave the teaching that didn't improve in group nature.
And Buddha did not show up in this world
and did not give any teachings.
That did not decrease the nature.
Nature remains as it is.
Sky remains as it is.
Past, present, future, same.
Same way, nature is same.
And similarly for that reason,
Grand Master Nkimba said in his teaching,
the Trail of Darmadatta,
that all beings of six realms,
no matter how they go,
wondering through the bird,
the getting old, the sicknesses, the dead,
and they go through that.
But nature, within the nature,
then no one is moved out of nature.
All that magic shows happen within that nature
and built it back that nature.
They never moved one sentiment or one item from the nature.
That is only our mind, what you are in mind, is created.
And we are experiencing by what we create.
That is all.
So therefore, this visualization
is directly with discovery of this old phenomenon existing,
all this relative as enlightened.
How that is. And that is insane in Grand Master Nkimba.
No, really.
All five aggregate is the Buddha.
Five aggregate is the Buddha.
One is there beside the five aggregates in the world,
according to Buddhism,
except the sky or uncompounded things there.
Otherwise everything is five aggregates.
What are five aggregates?
Poem aggregates, feeling aggregates,
and perception aggregates,
consumption aggregates, and conscious aggregates.
These five aggregates are five dhyana bullets.
Five aggregates. Poem.
That poem is not just our body poem.
The whole poem is a whole poem of mass or the matter.
That is Buddha aware of it to us.
It is all.
And then feeling, consumption, perception, and consciousness,
all that goes on and on.
And then what in Uyghur, what are the other six?
Five elements are five pavement bullets.
Elements, according to five elements in the Buddha's teaching,
is sky, earth, water, high, wind, and what is sky?
Sky is considered uncompounded.
Therefore it is always uncompounded.
The sky is very dark shoulders, very dark, dirty, and so on.
So all that displays whatever it is,
is through these five elements in five aggregates.
Every variety is just whatever you see.
So that means already in line.
As it is, now we are the pit instructions of the Buddha's teaching
or the teaching of a European Muslim, we are activating that nature.
We are not waiting to get enlightened or become Buddha
under three countless eons, or seven countless eons,
or thirty-two countless eons, according to the teaching.
We are not waiting, and we are going to get that within this light.
Ever again, we have the courage, commitment, youth effort, devotions.
We really can reach enlightenment, according to the teaching.
Even if we didn't get complete total enlightenment,
we will become pretty, what they call, well-off.
Well-off, really well-off.
You will stay with well-off and lead that, this goal, with well-off.
That's what we got.
For that reason, Guru Mahāprabhu said this.
If you reach enlightenment, that's wonderful, you see.
Even if you didn't reach enlightenment, your life will be allāh lāhs.
Allāh lāhs, your life will be allāh.
Allāh lāh means wonderful.
Sounds good, what a great word.
Your life will be wonderful.
If you reach enlightenment, that's so great, that's great.
But even if you didn't reach enlightenment,
your life will be allāh and lead this world with allāh.
And that we see many of those great practices.
Really, practices, they leave this world.
When they leave the world, they are not regretful,
upset, they feel guilty, this and that.
And with such a joyful attitude, so calm and so peaceful,
and they let fluid in the sky, or wherever.
I mean, that's really how it is.
So therefore, this is what this practice is.
And this is such a great thing, great thing.
So now, with this understanding, with this understanding,
today is the principal practices.